Drew Rodriguez

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is the correct use of HTML to define the meaning of content on a web page.

2. What is HTML used for? 
It is used to create electronic pages that are displayed on the web.

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Attributes provide extra  information about HTML elements, it comes after a tag.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
Indicates a heading on a website, it should only be used once.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img tag and a tag.

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
A title tag.

7. What is an id? 
An id is used to style a single element.

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Anything in HTML that can be styled.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once, they should be unique.

10. What is a class? 
A class is used to style multiple elements.

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any element that can be styled can have a class added to it.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
There's no limit.

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
A target attribute.

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
Provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it.

15. How do I reference an id?
With a #

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
The section tag defines sections in a document, such as headers and footers while the div tag is used to group elements to stylize in CSS.

17. What is CSS used for? 
For stylizing HTML elements.

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page


19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
id: #header { width: 100%; height: 80px; background: blue }, to style a single element.
class: .content { margin: 20px 0; line-height: 24px; font-size: 15px }, to style multiple elements.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
With a .

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
<p class= "human">

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
This is used to match elements that are direct children of other elements, it is useful to precisely target certain elements.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?


24. What is a pseudo selector?
pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state. Ex, hover elements.

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line height property.

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter spacing property.

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform property to make text appear in all-uppercase or all-lowercase.

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div { border: 1px dotted black; }

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
* selector

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*  */

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm, because in is not recoverable.

34. Why should I use version control? 
It makes it easier to keep track of changes when multiple people are working on a project.

35. How often should I commit to github?
You can commit as often after you like, so usually after any important feature is added.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Fork, clone, create branch, push branch, add TL as reviewer.


https://codepen.io/drewmrodriguez/pen/pogKqyR?editors=1100